Feat/add heading to a11ycontent child (#1470)
telus/tds-core: packages/A11yContent/A11yContent.md

  </span>
</ButtonLink>
```

> 

Reviewer: Let's add a heading here

'### Usage with a `Heading` component'

Reviewer: The single quotes should be removed so that the markdown renders

### Usage with `Heading` component

Author: I saw that. sorry pushing another change now.

  </span>
</ButtonLink>
```

'### Usage with a `Heading` component'

> Often a design may not include a visual heading tag to describe a section or a page. For example, pages that do not have a visible `<h1>` tag because of a hero banner. In such cases, `A11yContent` can be used to wrap a `Heading` component and be placed on the page. This allows users with screen readers to easily identify the context of the page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In some cases a design may not include a clear `h1` tag that describe the page. A common example of this is a page with a hero banner. In such cases, `A11yContent` can be used to wrap a `Heading` component and be placed on the page. This allows assistive technology to easily identify the context of the page.
```

> Note: The standard is to add a visual heading tag wherever possible as it supports more assistive technologies, this strategy is helpful for remediating pages for accessibility."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: The standard is to add a visual heading tag wherever possible as it supports more assistive technologies, this strategy is helpful for remediating pages for accessibility.
```
